SEOImageUpdates: User Story 1463880, Small PR 5 (#12365)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/getting-started/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application.md

> 

Reviewer: Line 53: 1. Open Visual Studio and select **Create a new project** under the **Get started** menu.

This is what people see now in VS 2019: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12971179/58064508-3b4f9600-7b37-11e9-84e3-50f85d5bad5c.png)

      The **Create a new project** dialog opens.

>       ![Create a new project dialog](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/create-new-project-dialog.png)

Reviewer: Move this in between steps 3 (line 63) and step 4 (line 65)

   2. In the **Language** dropdown, select either **C#** or **Visual Basic**.

>       ![New Project dialog with WPF app selected](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/new-project-dialog-box.png)

Reviewer: this seems it would belong under step 3 instead with a .NET Framework 4.8 target since it's our latest version.

A possibility here would also be to move the previous version down to step 2 with the language dropdown location highlighted in red.

>       ![New Project dialog with WPF app selected](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/new-project-dialog-box.png)

Reviewer: this is a VS 2017 screenshot, so it should actually be removed since we're using 2019 here.

    The following illustration shows the controls you created:

> ![ExpenseIt sample screen shot](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/add-application-controls.png "Shows the controls you've added.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![ExpenseIt sample screenshot displaying a list of names](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/add-application-controls.png)
```

The following illustration shows the results of what you just added:

> ![ExpenseIt sample screen shot](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/add-application-image-title.png "Shows the image and title you just created.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![ExpenseIt sample screenshot showing the new image background and page title](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/add-application-image-title.png)
```

The following illustration shows the UI elements added to *ExpenseReportPage.xaml*.

> ![Shows the UI you just created for the ExpenseReportPage.](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/create-application-ui.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![ExpenseIt sample screenshot showing the UI just created for the ExpenseReportPage.](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/create-application-ui.png)
```

6. Build and run the application. The window appearance is the same as previously.

>     ![ExpenseIt sample screen shot](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/create-application-ui.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![ExpenseIt sample screenshot with the same appearance as in the last section.](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/create-application-ui.png)
```

The following illustration shows both pages of the `ExpenseIt` application with controls, layout, styles, data binding, and data templates applied:

> ![Shows the elements and styles that you just applied.](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/application-data-templates.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Both pages of the app showing the names list and an expense report.](./media/walkthrough-my-first-wpf-desktop-application/application-data-templates.png)
```
